(DOCSP-20570): Add IN type safe query example for 10.23.0 (#1734)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/examples/filter-data.txt

   - Find tasks assigned to specific teammates Ali or Jamie by seeing if the ``assignee`` property is in a list of names.
   - Find tasks where the ``progressMinutes`` property is within a given range of minutes.

   .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/QueryEngine.codeblock.tsq-collections-contains.swift
      :language: swift

> .. versionadded:: 10.23.0

Reviewer: Not sure if I like the "versionadded" directive here -- the scope of the "added" is unclear since it's really just a piece of italic text. Maybe it would be clearer if we created a "IN" subsection, and put the versionadded under that? Or added the whole thing to a note admonition?

This might also be a personal thing, so if it seems fine to you... no big deal.

Author: Tweaked:

`New in version 10.23.0:: The IN operator`

The versionadded directive doesn't look great when you add a lot of text, but it's not so bad when it's just a little. Good call about tweaking it.

> The ``IN`` operator is now supported. Evaluates to ``true`` if the property referenced by the expression contains the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swift SDK supports the ``IN`` operator. Evaluates to ``true`` if the property referenced by the expression contains the value.
```
I know there are other passive phrases on this page, so again -- might not be a big deal. But just being annoying about passive voice since we should avoid it when possible 😄
